In this code graphics is used 

For that 'Graphics.h' header file is included and other header file which are required are used in the code.

After the header files some variables are defined and given values so it is easy to take the return value of the function is required in this code.

Structure is described so that the rectangle is created in which we can write X and O in this the values are given in such a way that
in set of 4 values the first 2 are the coordinates the of top left corner of the rectangle and the remaining 2 are the coordinates of the bottom right corner

The function which are required are for the game are declared such as 'show mouse pointer','hide mouse pointer','on left mouse button down',
'on right mouse button' and many more.

Then to initialize the graphics mode the 'initgraph()' inbuilt funtion is used

The grid is draw eith the 'drawgrid()' function which draws the lines horzontal and vertical lines.

As when we switch to gaphics mode the mouse cursor we get is not available so for that we need a function which enables us to get 
mouse pointer for that we have used the user defined function 'showmousepointer()'

To know where the mouse is their and when the mouse is clicked the computer must know where we have clicked and where it have to 
draw X or O

After getting mouse position to draw X and O when left button or right button is clicked 'drawXandO()' function is called to draw X or O
To check whether game is overafetr every move 'isgameover()' function is called which will return value and that value is important 
and used further to print winner and other things.

After the game is over if the player wants to play again or not for that 'resetgame()' function is used.

The graphics mode which is initialised at start must need to the closed so for that we have used the inbuilt function 'closegraph()' and
function 'restorcrtmode()' is used to switch to text mode at fullspeed.

int main function here.

The function which we have declared before int main now its time to define that function the first function which I have defined is the
Initialisation of mouse in this function 'int86()' function is used which in an inbuilt function releated to the mouse operation in 8086 processor

and other mouse function are also defined using int86() function. Functions like 'showmousepointer()','hidemousepointer()','getmouseposition()'

In all this we need a grid to write X and O so next I have defined the function 'drawgrid()' in this you will find some new words
such as 'cleardevice()' it is a inbulit function which is used to clear everthing on the screen which we have already written or drawn in previous session.
then their is 'Setcolor()' which is used to give the color to the lines.
their comes 'bar()' function this is also a inbuilt function included in the graphics.h and the main work of this function is to make a 
2-D rectangular filled bar in which the values are passed such as first is X-coordinate of top left corner 
second is Y-coordinate of top left corner
third is X-coordinate of bottom right corner
fourth is Y-coordinate of bottom right corner

After all this we need draw X and O for that I have defined functions 'drawXandO()', 'drawX()', 'drawO()'

then comes to check whether the game is over or not so for that I have used a function 'isgameover()' and to find a winner I have used
the function 'findwinner()'

In function I have used a static int pattern the change in this pattern will return a value and the returned value will give a winner.

To reset the game I have used the function 'resetgame()' in which I am asking the player to continue or not.

This is a simple program I hope it may help you out and give something new to teach. 
